---
# Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.
#
# This source code is licensed under the MIT license found in the
# LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
slug: v0.4.1
title: Release 0.4.1
authors: [nmn]
tags: [release]
---

Three weeks ago, we open-sourced StyleX. Since then, we've been diligently
fixing bugs and making improvements. Here are some of the highlights:

## Enhancements

- The amount of JavaScript generated after compilation has been further reduced.
- Added support for some previously missing CSS properties to the ESLint plugin.
- Added support for using variables in `keyframes`.
- Removed the code for style injection from the production runtime, reducing the
  size of the runtime by over 50%.
- Added Flow and TypeScript types for the Rollup Plugin.
- Added the option to use CSS Layers in all bundler plugins.
- TypeScript will now auto-complete style property names.
- Bundler plugins will now skip files that don't contain StyleX, resulting in
  faster build times.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where the ESLint plugin was sometimes unable to resolve local
  constants used for Media Queries and Pseudo Classes.
- Resolved a bug where the runtime injection of styles in dev mode would
  sometimes fail.
- Addressed a bug where styles injected at runtime during development would
  sometimes suffer from specificity conflicts.
- The TypeScript types for `Theme` will now correctly throw an error when
  applying a theme for the wrong `VarGroup`.

In addition to these, we've made other improvements to the types and
documentation. I want to extend my gratitude to all the contributors for their
pull requests. ♥️

Happy New Year!
