---
# Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.
#
# This source code is licensed under the MIT license found in the
# LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
slug: v0.5.0
title: Release 0.5.0
authors: [nmn]
tags: [release]
---

We're excited to release Stylex v0.5.0 with some big improvements and fixes!

## New `attrs` function

The `props` function returns an object with a `className` string and a
`style` object. Some frameworks may expect `class` instead of `className` and a
string value for `style`.

We are introducing a new `attrs` function so StyleX works well in more
places. `attrs` returns an object with a `class` string and a `style`
string.

## New `sort-keys` rule for the Eslint plugin

A new `@stylexjs/sort-keys` plugin has been introduced which will sort styles
alphabetically and by priority. This will make media query order more
predictable.

Thanks [@nedjulius](https://github.com/nedjulius)!

## New `aliases` option for the StyleX Babel plugin

A new `aliases` field can be used to configure StyleX to resolve custom aliases
that may be set up in your `tsconfig` file. **NOTE**: StyleX currently needs to
be configured with absolute paths for your aliases.

Thanks [@rayan1810](https://github.com/rayan1810)!

## New Esbuild plugin

A new official plugin for Esbuild has been introduced as
`@stylexjs/esbuild-plugin`.

Thanks [@nedjulius](https://github.com/nedjulius)!

## Other Enhancements

- Configuration options passed to the StyleX Babel plugin will now be validated.
- The `@stylexjs/stylex` now has ESM exports alongside the commonJS exports.
- The ESLint `valid-styles` rule will catch when using empty strings as string
  values.

## Bug Fixes

- Some CSS properties which previously caused type and lint errors will now be
  accepted.
- Using variables for `opacity` will no longer cause type errors.
- Using `keyframes` within `defineVars` will now work correctly
- `runtimeInjection` will correctly be handled
- Setting the value of variables from `defineVars` as dynamic styles will now
  work correctly.
- Usage of `0px` within CSS functions will no longer be simplified to a
  unit-less `0` as this doesn't work in certain cases.
- Spaces around CSS operators will be maintained.

In addition to these, we've added an "Ecosystem" page to our website to
highlight various community projects around StyleX.
